537 remove workflows (#541)
BIM2SIM/bim2sim: docs/source/overview.md

together and allows to run the process of simulation model creation.

**Inputs:**

> * A [workflow](concepts/sim_settings.md) holds the relevant settings for each type of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [SimSettings](concepts/sim_settings.md) hold the relevant settings for each type of 
```
